Add "Use GPU" option (#522)
Kitware/TeleSculptor: doc/computeoptions.rst

algorithms that origin point is recalculated and may change.  In some cases, there are benefits to specifying the geographic origin to use and keeping it fixed, for example, forcing
two data sets to share a common local origin for easier comparison.  Checking “Fix Geo-Origin” instructs TeleSculptor to keep the current geographic origin and not recalculate a new
one.

Use GPU
=========

> TeleSculptor has historically used a CUDA implementation of the depth map
> fusion algorithm.  An Nvidia GPU is required for CUDA support, so some systems
> were not able to run this step of the pipeline.  A CPU version of this
> algorithm is now available and this option determines whether to use the CPU
> implementation or the GPU implementation.  Both should give the same results,
> but the GPU impementation is faster when suitable hardware is available.

Reviewer: I don't think the history lesson is actually useful here?
```suggestion
Some TeleSculptor algorithms
(currently, depth map fusion)
are able to use CUDA to improve performance.
However, this requires an NVIDIA GPU
with sufficient GPU RAM.
Disabling this option instructs TeleSculptor
to rely solely on the CPU.
This is slower, but should give the same results
and may be used if a suitable GPU is not available.
```
